Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/index.md

[GraphQL](./graphql/)

> GraphQL is a language for querying and manipulating data. It is widely viewed as more powerful, flexible, and efficient than REST for front end development.

Author: ```suggestion
GraphQL is a language for querying and manipulating data. It is widely viewed as more powerful, flexible, and efficient than REST for frontend development.
```
